The next thing I'm gonna show you how to
do really quick is we're gonna set up
ESLint together.
And I know this is probably some people's
least favorite part of the course is
setting up all the tools.
My favorite part about this is,
we're gonna set it up, and
then we're gonna forget about it, right?
And it's just going to help us
catch problems as we're going.
And so the reason why I have students
do this as we go is this will help
you catch problems while
you're going on in your class.
This will keep you focused on React, and
not on like weird JavaScript problems.
So that's the reason why you and
I are setting this up together even if
it's a little bit tedious and annoying.
So we're gonna set ESLint together
prettier catches all of your formatting
problems, and ESLint is going to catch
very simple JavaScript problems, right?
If I have something here called App, and
down here I call App like this and
I forget a p or something like that.
This is something that ESLint is like,
hey,
you're referencing something that
you have not talked about before.
This is probably a problem of some sort,
right?
Those are the kinds of problems
that ESLint can catch for you.
So I want you to come up here, and
we're gonna install a few things.
So go to your terminal.
We're gonna npm install-D.
We're gonna do eslint@8.24.0,
and eslint-config-prettier@8.5.0.
Okay, I have no vulnerabilities here.
By the time that you're
watching this course,
I guarantee there's gonna
be vulnerabilities.
It's okay, right?
You're not shipping this to production.
These are developer tools for
the most part, not an attack vector.
For what we're doing, so it's okay
if this number is not zero, okay?
Make a file here es.lintrc.json.
I like the JSON way, but you can do
it with YAML, you can do it with .JS,
but we're not doing anything wild.
So we're just gonna do JSON.
Okay, we're gonna have extends up here.
I have a very bare bones
ESLint configuration.
Now, I used to use like
really heavy handed ones like
the Airbnb config or
standard or things like that.
These days I just do eslint:recommended.
This is a very non-controversial set
of rules of like, don't use variables
that you haven't created yet, this is
basically if it's in eslint:recommended.
It's definitely a problem and
it's not an opinion.
If you're using the Airbnb one like
there's definitely some strong
opinions in there.
And you can disagree with them, but
nothing in ESLint recommends
that you're gonna disagree with.
So that's the first one.
The second one is prettier, ESLint can do
some formatting things like you can say,
hey, this person has too many indents or
not enough indents and things like that.
We ESLint to not worry about
that because we have prettier,
a whole separate tool doing that for us.
So this prettier config all it does
is it just ignores a bunch of rules.
It doesn't add anything,
it just removes stuff.
This extends array for
the most part doesn't matter.
The only thing is prettier comes last.
Your prettier one should always be last,
100% of the time, unexceptional, okay?
Plugins, we have no plugins yet,
we will have plugins,
and then we have some parserOptions,
ecmaVersion.
We are gonna use 20, you can put latest,
I put 2022 in here SourceType,
it is a module.
EcmaFeatures, we're gonna
use jsx fairly soon.
So just go ahead and put that in there.
Okay, let's get for parserOptions and
then we have an env,
we're gonna be working in es6.
We are going to be working in the browser,
and we are going to be working in node.
You might ask what all
these things are doing.
For the most part,
I'll be honest with you, I just copy and
paste this from project to project.
I don't really think about too much
what's going into these configs anymore.
But ecmaVersion will tell like,
if I'm targeting 2016 and
async await, it's not gonna work, right?
So it's basically how modern of
JavaScript do you want here?
The module type is basically
like I'm doing an import and
export not common JS stuff.
I'm gonna use jsx,
it's saying like account for that.
And then es6 browser and
node is just saying,
don't give me an error if you see fetch,
right?
Fetch is a global that
exists in the browser, or
don't give me an error if I do like
__dirname, right, which comes from node.
So this is just telling you what
sort of environments that you're
gonna be working and
what kind of Global's are available.
Now if I was doing like
a much more careful ESLint,
I'd have the browser one
only apply in the browser.
I'd have the node one only apply in node.
I'm not being so cautious right
now though, so this is fine Okay.
So you can see here already,
it's already finding areas for me.
So the extension that you wanna install
for that, here is the ESLlint1,
it's directly from Microsoft.
Just go ahead and install that.
I will say that notoriously,
this is a finicky extension.
Sometimes it gets really
weird about stuff.
It's partially my fault because I worked
at the team that worked on this so
you can blame me a little bit for
it, but it's worth it.
So go ahead install that,
you might need to restart VS Code for
it to work, but go ahead and
have that one installed.
And then let's go ahead and
put back into our package.JSON,
the same sort of thing for
people that are not using VS Code.
So I'm showing you how to put like
the commands in here for other people.
You might ask Brian how often do you
use npm run format on your code?
And the answer is never,
VS Code always does it for me.
But here we are gonna do ESLint, and
you can literally just copy this
part of the string right there,
because it's the same thing.
And then just do --quiet at the end.
It has a lot of output otherwise.
So I just put quiet,
just tell me when there are problems.
I don't care about anything else.
Just tell me if I have a problem.
Otherwise, please leave me alone.
So you can actually run it if you want to,
and you will see some errors,
which we expect.
Which is mostly reaction is not defined,
which is a good error for us to see.
Just sometimes when I have issues this
is just a useful thing for you to know.
You can do npm run lint-- --debug.
So the -- here means I'm going to
pass something not to npm, right?
If I leave this off,
it's gonna pass debug to npm.
I don't wanna pass it to npm,
I wanna pass it to ESLint.
So it's passing it on to
the underlying command.
And then here you can see what
did it load, how did it load it,
did I have any issues?
It's very noisy, right So
that can be useful if you're having issues
you can see all the rules that has turned
on all of them that are turned off, just
useful for someone who's having an issue.
And sometimes ESLint can fix things for
you, there's nothing to fix here but
like some sometimes it has rules
that it can fix automatically,
there's not too many of them but
sometimes it can.
So that's what -- fix would do for
you, okay?
We're gonna fix the errors, but right
now you should have errors, that's fine.
You can see that this has already
turned red in here for me.
All expected, and
we'll fix it here in a bit, question?
>> Yeah, I got a environment key es5
is unknown in my,
>> Probably because yeah,
you should have you
should have es6 not five.
>> I got it.
>> ES6 is another word for ES2015,
right, so that's gonna say,
expect things like map, set, and symbol.
There's a bunch of stuff that
came with the "es6".
So that's what that does for you.
Other questions?
All right, I swear to God
we're getting really close to
the end of tool hell, right?
And then we're just straight
on to React after that.
Right now, we are building our
Create React app, basically.
So if you say, Create React app,
create a new app for
you, it just does all of this stuff for
you.
And so next time you go to do that,
you'll be like, cool,
here's a bunch of stuff that
I don't have to do anymore.
Screw you, Brian, which is fine.
I'm okay with that.
I've done my job if you're
saying stuff like that.
All right, one more thing here every
good project needs to get ignore.
So please make a get ignore here
at the root of your project.
Please ignore node_modules.
Well, this doesn't use parcel anymore so
you have to ignore that,
this is when you wanna ignore .emv.
It's always a good one and more ignore.
Many of you are gonna be on Macs.
So DS_Store is always a must to ignore.
I did find out the other day,
what DS_Store finally does,
it's like positions of file, so
if I had my finder up here and
drag something around like that and
moves it.
DS_Store is the file that keeps
track of stuff like that.
Which is silly.
But here we are.
And it probably does other stuff,
that's stuff that will get generated.
Coverage, that's for intermediate React,
but it's like code coverage kind of stuff.
And I don't want to track VS Code
directory here, so there is that as well.
So this is just telling,
get stuff to ignore.
You should probably track
your projects and get,
you can just do that best and
get in it, right?
And if you want any more information
on Git, please take Nina's class,
on front of masters I have
left a link there to do it.
Git is always one of those tools,
it's just worth the investment to learn.
You're gonna spend an afternoon
learning pretty dry,
boring stuff that I think Nina
does a good job of teaching.
It's just worth it.